README.md, before:

# react-intl-snippits README

This is the README for your extension "react-intl-snippits". After writing up a brief description, we recommend including the following sections.

## Features

Describe specific features of your extension including screenshots of your extension in action. Image paths are relative to this README file.

For example if there is an image subfolder under your extension project workspace:

\!\[feature X\]\(images/feature-x.png\)

> Tip: Many popular extensions utilize animations. This is an excellent way to show off your extension! We recommend short, focused animations that are easy to follow.

### key

m = message
i = useIntl
d = date
dp = date parts
t = time
tp = time parts
dtr = date time range
n = number
np = number parts
p = plural
l = list
lp = list parts
dn= display name

I will be using the above abbreviations in the code and always in the order shown above

## Known Issues

Calling out known issues can help limit users opening duplicate issues against your extension.

## Release Notes

Users appreciate release notes as you update your extension.

### 1.0.0

Initial release of ...

### 1.0.1

Fixed issue #.

### 1.1.0

Added features X, Y, and Z.

---

## Working with Markdown

You can author your README using Visual Studio Code. Here are some useful editor keyboard shortcuts:

-   Split the editor (`Cmd+\` on macOS or `Ctrl+\` on Windows and Linux).
-   Toggle preview (`Shift+Cmd+V` on macOS or `Shift+Ctrl+V` on Windows and Linux).
-   Press `Ctrl+Space` (Windows, Linux, macOS) to see a list of Markdown snippets.

## For more information

-   [Visual Studio Code's Markdown Support](http://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/markdown)
-   [Markdown Syntax Reference](https://help.github.com/articles/markdown-basics/)

**Enjoy!**

Commit message:

added more import snippets added more formatted snippets started to add some intl snippets

README.md, after:

# react-intl-snippets README

This is the README for your extension "react-intl-snippets". After writing up a brief description, we recommend including the following sections.

## Features

Describe specific features of your extension including screenshots of your extension in action. Image paths are relative to this README file.

For example, if there is an image subfolder under your extension project workspace:

\!\[feature X\]\(images/feature-x.png\)

> Tip: Many popular extensions utilize animations. This is an excellent way to show off your extension! We recommend short, focused animations that are easy to follow.

### key

m = message
i = useIntl
d = date
dp = date parts
t = time
tp = time parts
dtr = date time range
n = number
np = number parts
p = plural
l = list
lp = list parts
dn= display name

`intimp` will prefix all my import statements

I will be using the above abbreviations in the code and always in the order shown above

## Known Issues

Calling out known issues can help limit users opening duplicate issues against your extension.

## Release Notes

Users appreciate release notes as you update your extension.

### 1.0.0

The initial release of ...

### 1.0.1

Fixed issue #.

### 1.1.0

Added features X, Y, and Z.

---

## Working with Markdown

You can author your README using Visual Studio Code. Here are some useful editor keyboard shortcuts:

-   Split the editor (`Cmd+\` on macOS or `Ctrl+\` on Windows and Linux).
-   Toggle preview (`Shift+Cmd+V` on macOS or `Shift+Ctrl+V` on Windows and Linux).
-   Press `Ctrl+Space` (Windows, Linux, macOS) to see a list of Markdown snippets.

## For more information

-   [Visual Studio Code's Markdown Support](http://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/markdown)
-   [Markdown Syntax Reference](https://help.github.com/articles/markdown-basics/)

**Enjoy!**
